Latvia over the snow came again and
with him and his eternal companions
numerous accidents uncleaned sidewalks
late public transport so
for residents of our country winter fairy tale
again turned white nightmare already with
two o'clock at night latvian road
cleaned 196 units
the capital has worked 50 cars three of
whose zeal was broken by that
less in the morning public transport riga
late for almost an hour and sidewalks
reminded forest paths us a dream from
the elderly are very hard to go slippery not
always cleaned the snow potholes
ugliness the police went today with
Accident on the accident on the Jurmala chassis is not
cope with the management of a minibus
flew off the road and crashed into a tree
the culprit turned out to be an accident
snow plow went to Jurmala
here in this place unfolded snow
the cleaning machine did not yield to us
the road slippery slipped into
result prince
near the island exit most of
retract the car which hit the driver
set an emergency sign
another car provoked the accident
who clipped 1 won't leave a chance
avoid accidents fortunately injured
I got off easy
the culprit disappeared from the scene
embarrassed throwing sorry we are so not
i wanted it pruned i i sign yin
I got on the hood well, well, well, nothing
so terrible a little in general to blame
on no good work road
services we are accustomed to but sometimes worth
look back on ourselves sometime to us
it seems that the road should always be
dry and black if it is asphalt
but I can say absolutely in Latvia
normal situation in the winter road that she
white and slippery for a while she
it will be slippery and this is for that time every
the driver can only answer for himself and
for your car
the end of the day the situation on the roads is more or
less normal but winter is still
ahead which means you should reconsider
attitude to personal security on
the road
Aleksey Lukashevich first hearing Spartak
Baltic channel